we'd like to take a few minutes now to
reflect on how the last year
has affected so many people lives have
been lost
and heart's broken the whole world has
lived through the experience
the empty streets the full hospitals the
front line workers
the closed schools the masks all caused
by this relentless virus
from the perspective of comic relief
there's so much essential work to be
done in so many of the areas we deal
with
mental health domestic abuse loneliness
suicide and poverty but in the toughest
of times we've also seen people coming
together with multiple acts of
everyday heroism on a night like tonight
if we all work together
we will make a difference this is
sunshine on leith
the world in lockdown as an estimated 3
billion of us are quarantined and forced
to stay
put
[Music]
in the uk has surpassed a hundred
thousand
you cleaned it you touched it
[Music]
my tears
thank you thank you
[Music]
you were the eldest person to have
survived this nasty virus that's going
[Music]
round
my tears
i will be
[Applause]
[Music]
always be optimistic it's a good day
i mean things will get better
[Music]
one
[Applause]
i'll thank him for his work
hey
what can you say thank you to the
proclaimers
and the four brilliant choirs in that
film um
i mean none of us would have seen this
year coming 12 months ago
all the suffering and all the sacrifice
but then all the kindness
and all the love and we can continue
that tonight if you've been sitting
there all night thinking maybe i'll
donate something
maybe i'll pick up my phone yeah maybe
i'll see what happens next
let's make this the time let's do it
right now just pick up your phone
you can ring the number on the screen
please it will help so much
or you can go online and give that be
great we can get it to the people
doing the most life-changing work
you